my name is Charles Hirsch Baris Everett
and pop songs I've been a television
producer in addition I have murdered 33
human beings I talked to a sidekick
today and she said that you are gonna be
very successful
a pretty girl has three handsome guys
questions and she picks one to date
that's it that's the show his future was
uncertain I'm sorry about your show
are you okay I just wanted to take
people his every move was being watched
they could use your help I work for the
Office of Diplomatic Security is that
the CIA seven are you interested
I can teach you at least 30 different
ways to kill a man mr. Baer the edge of
your hand against your adversaries
Adam's apple mr. Goldberg I took I have
a hole in my day time schedule
it's the gong show
it's a perfect covering TV producer by
day CIA operative at night
if it is a hobby something you do to
relax Thank You Shaq
I'm John
here you are Chuck pleasantly surprised
you're not like the other murderers
when you lead to different lives it's
easy to forget what side you're on
penny Patricia has you [ __ ] serious
this is what I do for a living that's
what she did do you think Scott located
you work for me isn't backing out now we
let you in on everything
drew Barrymore George Clooney Julia
Roberts and Sam Rockwell as Chuck Barris
comes out of hiding someone changed
sighs it's over it's finished your
history
confessions of a dangerous mind